
# Welcome to the **Code Workshop** repo.

## Why are we here?

We are here to learn, and share, various skills and knowledge that pertain to **Information Systems Development**. 
Some of us know more than others about this, but it's ok: Sometimes you may find yourself learning, and sometimes you may find yourself mentoring.

This activity is **Trade Focused**: the goal is to give you real-life skills that you can use in a real-life job. You will not be handed a certification or any other such pedigree-affirming artifact. However, I dare say you will find these skills _extremely_ handy if you ever do decide to seek out such endeavors.

Now, more than ever, I find people around me who have encountered a life-changing event.
Job stability has been swept out from under many of us due to COVID Hysteria, and maybe you have been affected -- or simply want to be ready to shift gears in case something changes for you.

Maybe you want to be ready to move to another state if you have to.

Maybe your workplace doesn't welcome people who think for themselves anymore.  

Maybe you simply have the urge to relentlessly pursue new learnings and continuously improve your technical skillsets.

## What's on the roadmap?

Here's a very loose idea of what topics we could potentially cover as time goes on.
How much we cover depends on how consistent we are at making this happen.
If it's a priority for you, it's a priority for me.

|Course |Topic                                  |Using                                  |Facilitator(s) |
|-      |-                                      |-                                      |-              |
|APP A  |Introduction to Programming            |Python                                 |GR             |
|DAT A  |Introduction to Databases              |SQL                                    |GR             |
|BUS A  |Data Visualization                     |PowerBI, DAX, SQL, PowerQuery          |GR             |
|APP B  |Front-End Web Application Development  |TBD                                    |TBD            |
|APP C  |Back-End Web Application Development   |AWS, Python, SQL, HTML                 |GR             |
|DAT B  |Data Mining                            |Python, AWS, SQL, Jotform              |GR             |
|DAT C  |Data Warehousing                       |Snowflake                              |GR             |
|TCH A  |Internet of Things (IoT)               |Python, HTTP, IFTTT, Raspberry Pi      |GR             |
|TCH B  |TCP/IP Networking                      |Cisco OS                               |GR             |


## Copyright Information
I develop this training content to hopefully benefit you and enrich your life.
This repository is public for a reason: please feel free to flagrantly copy from, teach from, reference, and distribute useful information you find here to improve, demonstrate, and share your knowledge & skillset. 


> If you stumbled upon this document and want to learn more, feel free to contact me using the [www.adaptive-innovations.com](https://www.adaptive-innovations.com) [Contact Page](https://form.typeform.com/c/lphPGSHM).